README.md, before:

# URIAL - </br> Utilities for Representational sImilarity AnaLysis in python 
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/issues/)
[![GitHub pull-requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/pulls/)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://GitHub.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/graphs/contributors/)
[![GitHub Commits](https://github-basic-badges.herokuapp.com/commits/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/commits/master)
[![GitHub size](https://github-size-badge.herokuapp.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/archive/master.zip)
[![GitHub HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/PeerHerholz/URIAL)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)


![URIAL logo](img/URIAL_logo.png)

Commit message:

update & uploads
- update README.md
- upload code of conduct
- upload contribution guidelines
- upload issue template

README.md, after:

# URIAL - </br> Utilities for Representational sImilarity AnaLysis in python
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/issues/)
[![GitHub pull-requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/pulls/)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://GitHub.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/graphs/contributors/)
[![GitHub Commits](https://github-basic-badges.herokuapp.com/commits/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/commits/master)
[![GitHub size](https://github-size-badge.herokuapp.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/archive/master.zip)
[![GitHub HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/PeerHerholz/URIAL.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/PeerHerholz/URIAL)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

## Description
URIAL is a toolbox (and hopefully soon BIDS app) for [representational similarity analysis](https://doi.org/10.3389/neuro.06.004.2008) in python. In more detail, it includes functions for computing, plotting and comparing Representational Dissimilarity Matrices (RDMs). Its based on the famous [matlab toolbox](https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1003553) ([github repo](https://github.com/rsagroup/rsatoolbox)), extending it with a variety of utility functions like the creation of model and feature based RDMs.  

![URIAL logo](img/URIAL_logo.png)

## Documentation
A documentation is currently in the works and will be available soon. Sorry for any inconvenience this might cause.   

## How to report errors
Running into any bugs :beetle:? Check out the [open issues](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/issues) to see if we're already working on it. If not, open up a new issue and we will check it out when we can!

## How to contribute
Thank you for considering contributing to our project! Before getting involved, please review our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Next, you can review  [open issues](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/issues) that we are looking for help with. If you submit a new pull request please be as detailed as possible in your comments. Please also have a look at our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/PeerHerholz/URIAL/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Acknowledgements
If you intend to or already used ANSL, we would be very happy if you cite this github repo, till we have "something" out there!


<sub></sup>Please feel free to contact me wrt any question or idea via mail (herholz dot peer at gmail dot com), twitter ([@peerherholz](https://twitter.com/peerherholz?lang=eng)) or the brainhack slack team (@peerherholz). <sup><sub>
